feat: add contribution instructions for Resoto (#8)
someengineering/resoto.com: docs/contributing/resoto.md

---

> sidebar_label: Resoto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Resoto Components
```

> sidebar_label: Resoto Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Components
```

---

> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```mdx-code-block
import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
```

````

> # Contributing to Resoto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contributing to Resoto Components
```
Since we now have documentation that refers to them in this way: https://resoto.com/docs/concepts/components/

Reviewer: (also update `sidebar_label` above)

> # Contributing to Resoto Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contributing to Components
```

The source code for Resoto lives in the [`someengineering/resoto` repository on GitHub](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto).
Resoto consists of multiple components, where each component is maintained as separate project.
A change should target one of the components.

- [Resoto Core](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/tree/main/resotocore)
- [Resoto Shell](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/tree/main/resotoshell)
- [Resoto Worker](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/tree/main/resotoworker)
- [Resoto Metrics](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/tree/main/resotometrics)
- [Resoto Library](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/tree/main/resotolib)

## Authoring Changes

Contributions are made via [pull requests to the GitHub repository](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/pulls).
You will first need to [fork](https://docs.github.com/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) the repository.

#### Prerequisites

- [Git](https://git-scm.com)

> - [Python](https://www.python.org) Version 3.8 or later is required. We recommend 3.10.
> - [ArangoDB](https://www.arangodb.com) Version 3.8.2 or later is required.
> - Optional [gcc](https://gcc.gnu.org) Depending on the host system, dependant python packages need to be compiled from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Python](https://www.python.org) 3.8+ (3.10 is recommended)
- [ArangoDB](https://www.arangodb.com) 3.8.2+
- [GNU Compiler Collection (GCC)](https://gcc.gnu.org) (depending on the host system, Python dependencies may need to be compiled from source)
```

> #### Setup a virtual environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set Up a Virtual Environment
```
Two words when not a noun, and title case headings.

> #### Set Up a Virtual Environment
> 
> We recommend using a Python [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html) to develop.
> A script is part of the Resoto code base to simplify this process and will prepare your virtual environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Setting Up a Virtual Environment

We recommend using a [Python virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html).

A script is provided to simplify the process of configuring the virtual environment:
```

```bash
./setup_venv.sh --dev --path .
```

> After the virtual env has been created, it needs to be activated.
> Linux and macOS:
> 
> ```bash
> source venv/bin/activate
> ```
> 
> or Windows:
> 
> ```powershell
> venv\Scripts\activate.bat
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Activate the virtual environment:

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="linux" label="Linux/macOS">
    <CodeBlock language="bash">source venv/bin/activate</CodeBlock>
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="windows" label="Windows">
    <CodeBlock language="powershell">venv\Scripts\activate.bat</CodeBlock>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
```
````

> #### Start the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Starting the Database
```

> After you have installed ArangoDB, you need to start it.

Reviewer: Was the DB created by the script above? If not, need to go into more detail here.

Author: Yes - just starting the DB is sufficient.

Reviewer: How would the user start the DB, in that case?

Author: added a sentence to that.

> The default root access is username `root` with no password.
> This setup is required for the tests to run, since it will create all the necessary entities, like users and databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**By default, the built-in user account `root` does not have a password configured.** This is required for tests to pass, as the tests create users and databases.
```

> Please note: this setup is for development only and should not be used in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::caution
This setup is for development only and should not be deployed in production environments.
:::
```

#### Start components locally

> Once the virtual environment has been created and the database is running, you can also start all Resoto components locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now start each of the Resoto components:
```

Start the core

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
`shell` is not supported for syntax highlighting, so use `bash`.

> Start the core
> 
> ```bash
> cd resotocore
> python -m core
> ```
> 
> Start the shell
> 
> ```shell
> cd resotoshell
> python -m resotoshell
> ```
> 
> Start the worker
> 
> ```shell
> cd resotowortker
> python -m resotowortker
> ```
> 
> Start metrics
> 
> ```shell
> cd resotometrics
> python -m resotometrics
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="core" label="Core (resotocore)">
    <CodeBlock language="bash">
      cd resotocore{'\n'}
      python -m core
    </CodeBlock>
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="shell" label="Shell (resh)">
    <CodeBlock language="bash">
      cd resotoshell{'\n'}
      python -m resotoshell
    </CodeBlock>
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="worker" label="Worker (resotoworker)">
    <CodeBlock language="bash">
      cd resotoworker{'\n'}
      python -m resotoworker
    </CodeBlock>
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="metrics" label="Metrics (resotometrics)">
    <CodeBlock language="bash">
      cd resotometrics{'\n'}
      python -m resotometrics
    </CodeBlock>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
```
````
I corrected a misspelling of `resotoworker`. Also, just want to confirm -- it's `resotoshell` and not `resh` here?

> #### Test your change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Testing Your Changes
```

> After you have made your changes, you can test if everything works as expected.
> We are using [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org) and would encourage you to add a test case for the change you have made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the [`pytest`](https://pytest.org) framework. Prior to submitting your changes for review, please verify that all existing tests pass and add test coverage for new code.

```

> Linting and tests can be invoked manually via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lint and test your code:
```

```shell
tox
```

> If everything is green, you can now [submit your pull request on GitHub](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/pulls)!
> You are welcome to [open your pull request as a draft](https://docs.github.com/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests#draft-pull-requests) for early feedback and review.
> 
> Our CI pipeline will execute all tests automatically, once the PR is created and allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now [submit your pull request on GitHub](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/pulls)! You are welcome to [open your pull request as a draft](https://docs.github.com/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests#draft-pull-requests) for early feedback and review. Be sure to follow the pull request template!
```
(We should add a pull request template to `someengineering/resoto`. I'll submit a PR for this shortly!)

## Authoring Changes

Contributions are made via [pull requests to the GitHub repository](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/pulls).
You will first need to [fork](https://docs.github.com/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) the repository.

#### Prerequisites

- [Git](https://git-scm.com)
- [Python](https://python.org) 3.8+ (3.10 is recommended)
- [ArangoDB](https://arangodb.com) 3.8.2+
- [GNU Compiler Collection (GCC)](https://gcc.gnu.org) (depending on the host system, Python dependencies may need to be compiled from source)

#### Setting Up a Virtual Environment

We recommend using a [Python virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html).

A script is provided to simplify the process of configuring the virtual environment:

```bash
./setup_venv.sh --dev --path .
```

Activate the virtual environment:

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="linux" label="Linux/macOS">
    <CodeBlock language="bash">source venv/bin/activate</CodeBlock>
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="windows" label="Windows">
    <CodeBlock language="powershell">venv\Scripts\activate.bat</CodeBlock>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

#### Starting the Database

> After you have installed ArangoDB, you need to start it.
> The way the database is started depends on the way it has been installed (`systemctl` on Linux, clicking the application icon on macOS, etc.).
> 
> **The expected default access is the built-in user account `root` with a configured empty string as password.**
> No additional settings are required in such a setup, since `resotocore` will use this access to create all necessary items.
> This setting is required for tests to pass, as the tests create users and databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start ArangoDB (using `systemctl` on Linux, clicking the application icon on macOS, etc.).

**By default, the built-in user account `root` does not have a password configured.** This is necessary for `resotocore` to perform the database setup, and also required for tests to pass.
```
